# CS-230---Operating-Systems

The client had an app called Draw It or Lose It! which rendered images over a thirty-second period, allowing users to try to guess that was being drawn. The client wanted a web application to go along with the Android app they already had.  One strength I brought to this documentation was researching the different aspects and trying to see how they were inter-related.  Understanding what means of developing the front-end and back-end would work best to achieve what the client wanted was great practice for real-world applications in the industry.  I found the guides that various languages put out to be the most helpful; many coding languages have native guides online that allow you to understand how things work, and understanding these points allowed me to be clear and concise in my design guide.  
I would choose to revise my knowledge of operating system architecture; it is the topic about which I am least confident.  More time spent researching how various architectures differ in their implementations and structures would lend greater depth.  When thinking about the user's needs, I really thought about what I would require as a user of this software, especially since I come from a non-technical background.  This helped me understand what the average user needs -- quick loading applications with a fairly low memory size and a smooth UI experience, with little difference in the experience if used on mobile or Wi-Fi internet.  This is the crux of software design:  designing software that is meant to be used similarly across a wide variety of users.  If Facebook had been too complicated for an average user to understand, we'd still be on MySpace.  When designing the software, I did my best to go from the basics -- what are the core needs of the users -- to the more advanced -- what are the technical aspects that need to be built, both front-end and back-end, that will support those core needs.  I will continue to use this holistic approach in projects where the requirements are not distinctly fleshed out; if the client is looking for something specific in terms of coding language or framework, we have a concrete place to start.  Otherwise, it's a matter of find the shoe which best fits the foot.
